hello the one this is giant waffle hope
you really enjoy the animation of
beginning it's gonna be in the beginning
of all my videos from now on this video
is just a glimpse of what's to come in
the next few months for my videos and as
always you guys enjoy really build my
eyes there's a gold dungeon right there
a silver dungeon and then a bronze
dungeon all in the same area
and here we are with my one-on-one
Starcraft replays and here we go ladies
and gentlemen we have select verse MC -
awesome Pro is battling out in StarCraft
and here we are with my starcraft 1v1
placement match guys this is really
exciting I hope you guys really enjoyed
this is gonna be a lot of fun and you
guys are gonna watch me level through
ladders it's gonna be really cool
I must say I'm not the greatest our
craft player but hopefully you all can
connect with that fact because we have a
learning process we have to go through
and it's it's a long journey and
hopefully we all make it through this
yes they're gonna one-up the ramp and
see if they can get a quick sniper he
has nothing out right now physically and
plate good for a man they're gonna try
to attack us plenty cool bets five
dollars not gonna let him do anything
and here we got some to be chewy these
are one of my favorite matches because
you get lots of teamwork and lots of
awesome strategies and this is quite if
you're tearing units this is really
gonna cause some habit the Marauder is
just gonna run around the side nothing
oh here there's our glutes come to Conor
and what's gonna happen here the Queen
it's gonna spot it and those Marines are
gonna keep moving and these Marines are
gonna eat up this line right here look
at these surgeries cornea that's a great
joke that greens I can be able to do
much damage the Marauders gonna keep
pulling all the dirt moves' and what's
gonna happen here that Queen is gonna go
down
and here we are guys are some see of to
gameplay I hope you really enjoyed this
giant wall and I'm playing this Scout
right now
II might just be nice to see if I can
find some people to kill with it alright
we are back with T of to announcing a
scout right now
here we are let's keep going this fight
will be building
got a nice lid off that whatever give it
about center
you dig our guys are playing bad cop and
chewin my favorite FPS into Mikasa and
yes wasn't it building over there
yeah I know how we give you that wall
nice dollars
here we go guys are gaming tameka's
called crown as a 3d racing game that
requires you to race across a circular
track it's a ton of fun I hope you all
enjoy this and this this finish can be
very narrow I don't know who's gonna win
this is a guy right behind me and I'm
just about to kick this red block right
here and here comes the final lap hey
guys let's put this gave me the weakest
called super crate box gotta love that
damage Oh God right away we got a
runaway that thing is gonna kill us and
we know it is
oh I don't lose coming right there
through your guys our game of the week
is called for aria I'm sure many of you
know this game by now and very famous
it's a tree platformer you've got to
think of this 2d minecraft what should
you mine in the scene right here what's
your weight and crap lots of crappy
knowledge make the porches lane
downwards we've gotta get to some more